Improve Localization docs, add info on contributing (#451)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/components/customization/localization.mdx

export default MyApp;
```

## Adding or updating a localization 

> Our localizations are customer sourced and we encourage customers to add or update localizations. The process is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our localizations are customer-sourced and we encourage customers to add or update localizations. To do so, follow these steps:
```

1. Fork the [https://github.com/clerkinc/javascript/](https://github.com/clerkinc/javascript/) repo.
2. Clone it locally to edit it.
3. Review our [Contributing](https://github.com/clerkinc/javascript/blob/main/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.
4. If you are updating an existing localization locate the file in `packages/localizations/src`

> 5. If you are adding a new language copy the en-US.ts file and name it according to your language. The naming is the abbreciated language-region. For French in Canada it would be fr-CA.ts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you are adding a new language, copy the `en-US.ts` file and name it according to your language. The naming is the abbreviated language-region. For example, for French in Canada, it would be `fr-CA.ts.`
```

6. Go through the file and edit the entries.

> 7. If you are adding a new localization, add the language to to the `packages/localizations/src/index.ts` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If you are adding a new localization, add the language to the `packages/localizations/src/index.ts` file.
```

Reviewer 2: Dang I missed that!

> 8. Commit your changes to git, push them to your fork. Create a Pull Request from your fork to Clerk's repo againat the `main` branch. We will review and either approve or ask for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Commit your changes to git and push them to your fork. Create a [Pull Request](https://github.com/clerkinc/clerk-docs/pulls) from your fork to Clerk's repo against the `main` branch. We will review and either approve or ask for updates.
```

## Custom localizations

> You can also provide your own localizations for the Clerk Components. This is useful if you want to provide limited or quick localization for a language that Clerk doesn't currently support or if you want to change the wording to suit your brand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide your own localizations for the Clerk Components. This is useful if you want to provide limited or quick localization for a language that Clerk doesn't currently support, or if you want to change the wording to suit your brand.
```

Author: Opening linear to discuss further, will merge this version for the time being.

export default MyApp;
```

> To find the key for your translation (like the `socialButtonsBlockButton` from the code example), open up our [English localization file](https://github.com/clerkinc/javascript/blob/main/packages/localizations/src/en-US.ts). Search the file for the term that you want to customize. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the key for your translation (like the `socialButtonsBlockButton` from the code example below), open up our [English localization file](https://github.com/clerkinc/javascript/blob/main/packages/localizations/src/en-US.ts). Search the file for the term that you want to customize. 
```

> If you want to change the 'to continue to' string from the `<SignIn />` and `<SignUp />` components, you would search for 'to continue to'. You will find several instances of this. Some of those are in the the following `signUp` object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to change the 'to continue to' string from the `<SignIn />` and `<SignUp />` components, you would search for 'to continue to'. You will find several instances of this. Some of those are in the the following `signUp` object:
```

      resendButton: "Didn't receive a link? Resend",
      verified: {
        title: 'Successfully signed up',
      },
      loading: {
        title: 'Signing up...',
      },
      verifiedSwitchTab: {
        title: 'Successfully verified email',
        subtitle: 'Return to the newly opened tab to continue',
        subtitleNewTab: 'Return to previous tab to continue',
      },
    },
    emailCode: {
      title: 'Verify your email',
      subtitle: 'to continue to {{applicationName}}',
      formTitle: 'Verification code',
      formSubtitle: 'Enter the verification code sent to your email address',
      resendButton: "Didn't receive a code? Resend",
    },
    phoneCode: {
      title: 'Verify your phone',
      subtitle: 'to continue to {{applicationName}}',
      formTitle: 'Verification code',
      formSubtitle: 'Enter the verification code sent to your phone number',
      resendButton: "Didn't receive a code? Resend",
    },
    continue: {
      title: 'Fill in missing fields',
      subtitle: 'to continue to {{applicationName}}',
      actionText: 'Have an account?',
      actionLink: 'Sign in',
    },
  },
```

> If you want to customize multiple from the SignUp, you would do something like: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to customize multiple from the SignUp, the procedure would resemble the following:: 
```

> If you want to customize multiple entries from the SignUp, the procedure would resemble the following:: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to customize multiple entries from the `<SignUp />` component, the procedure would resemble the following:
```
